master Ansem regarding the experiment I
presented the other day with your
permission I'd like to proceed well why
not if the role they laughed at the man
when he discovered penicillin I wonder
if he's stubborn enough to open all
those doors
Donald you know their Marseille there
just might be a market for bottled up
that has put one cause for me to follow
Oh drat these computers there so naughty
in so complex I could pinch them oh that
wasn't a bit nice you have made me very
angry very angry indeed George
under spreading technically no I can't
express my in Madison Wisconsin
just what I always I will name him
George and I will hug him quiet this is
the most diabolical bird catcher ever in
I tawt I taw Tweety Bird pretty bad I
did I did for Tweety Bird
hmm try that again okay I hope I'm right
what a season on fire okay this is time
you started whatever you say
you